Enable bypassing DB encryption [#2466] (#2469)
pulp/pulpcore: docs/configuration/settings.rst

   chars = 'abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz0123456789!@#$%^&*(-_=+)'
   print(''.join(random.choice(chars) for i in range(50)))

DB_ENCRYPTION
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

>   If this parameter is set to boolean false or 0, the encryption is bypassed and values are stored

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If ``False`` the at-rest database encryption is not used and values are stored
```

Reviewer: Also please state that the default is True (with True surrounded by double backticks which is needed for RST escaping in Sphinx.

>   in plain text. Warning: values which are already encrypted are not decrypted if this setting is

Reviewer: This warning can become it's own line below and use the RST directive for it. See this example https://github.com/pulp/pulpcore/blob/5c84ab71928aef83a37bc97b5eda7d2a60463807/docs/configuration/settings.rst#L119

Reviewer 2: @bmbouter I feel uneasy to leave existing fields encrypted. We basically say for existing/upgraded installations there is no way to turn off the encryption consistently, unless this is a brand new fresh install. Is this the message we're sending?

Reviewer: With this being a driven entirely by community contribution, to me, it's kind of up to them how much they want to do. My perspective is that if a community contributor only wants to go so far, it's up to the next community user who wanted it to go further to make their contribution at a later time.

That being said I hear where you're coming from. There is a judgement call from project maintainers for what we think is responsible to accept on behalf of the user base. For me, I'd be willing to accept this without commands to fix it on existing in-use installations because it's clearly labeled as such. The best case is @attenuation is willing to make commands to handle that case too. If not though, I'll defer to you (happily) on whether to accept or not. If you want to require more I would understand. Use the required changes I think to indicate your desires there and I would +1 it.

Reviewer 2: @bmbouter looking at it this way i am comfortable to not have a repair command. Thank you for sharing your perspective!

    openssl rand -base64 32 > /etc/pulp/certs/database_fields.symmetric.key

>   If this parameter is set to boolean false or 0, the encryption is bypassed and values are stored

Reviewer 2: i'd add a separate boolean config option to not overload already existing DB_ENCRYPTION_KEY.
We'd need to also update our repair command @dralley has added to check whether the pulp encryption is on/off https://github.com/pulp/pulpcore/blob/main/pulpcore/app/management/commands/datarepair-2327.py

>   in plain test. Warning: values which are already encrypted are not decrypted if this setting is

Reviewer 2: s/test/text

Author: Hah. Plain test. 🤦‍♂️
